[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: If you've ever
worked with promises,
you know that they can get a
bit annoying in the DevTools
console.
Let's take fetch as an example.
If I want it to work
with a response,
I would call fetch, store
the promise to a variable,
then call then, and
attach the result to self.
Now I have my response object
available in the console
for inspection.
That's a bit tedious.
Therefore, DevTools now
supports top-level [? await ?]
without you having to declare
an asynchronous function.
That means instead of the
triple jump that I just did,
I can just use [? await ?]
to directly store
the response in a variable.
Any API that uses promises
can be used this way
and will make your
life so much easier.
It's good stuff, eh?
See you next time.